c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick1.xnb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick2.xnb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick3.xnb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick4.xnb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick5.xnb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle.xnb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball1.xnb
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle 1.xnb
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick0.xnb
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick01.xnb
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle01.xnb
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle21.xnb
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball2.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball1.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball2.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick0.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick01.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick1.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick2.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick3.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick4.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick5.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle 1.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle01.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle21.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Egypt.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\space.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.wma
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Score\Score.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.wma
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.wma
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball1.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball2.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick0.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick01.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick1.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick2.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick3.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick4.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick5.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle 1.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle01.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle21.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Egypt.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\space.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.wma
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Score\Score.xnb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
E:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Menu.resources
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
J:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Properties.Resources.resources
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.wma
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick0.xnb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick1.xnb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick2.xnb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick3.xnb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick4.xnb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick5.xnb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Egypt.xnb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\space.xnb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.xnb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.wma
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.xnb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle22.xnb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Score\Score.xnb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Menu.resources
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Properties.Resources.resources
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
G:\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.wma
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick0.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick1.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick2.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick3.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick4.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick5.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Egypt.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle22.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.wma
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\space.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Score\Score.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Maps.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Menu.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\positive.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.wma
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick0.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick1.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick2.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick3.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick4.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick5.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Egypt.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle22.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\positive.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.wma
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\space.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Maps.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Menu.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font\Live.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid2\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font\Score.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.wma
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick0.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick1.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick2.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick3.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick4.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick5.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Egypt.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle22.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\positive.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.wma
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\space.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font\Live.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font\Score.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Maps.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Menu.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.wma
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick0.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick1.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick2.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick3.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick4.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick5.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.wma
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\space.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font\Live.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font\Score.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Maps.resources
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Menu.resources
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Properties.Resources.resources
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Negative.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Positive2.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Liveminus2.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hearts-8.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\minusballsize.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\plusballsize.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.wma
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick0.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick1.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick2.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick3.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick4.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick5.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.wma
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\space.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Negative.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Positive2.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Liveminus2.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hearts-8.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\minusballsize.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\plusballsize.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font\Live.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font\Score.xnb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Maps.resources
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Menu.resources
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Properties.Resources.resources
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
H:\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hearts-8.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Liveminus2.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\minusballsize.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Negative.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\plusballsize.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid3\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Positive2.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.wma
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Egypt.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle22.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\positive.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick0.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick1.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick2.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick3.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick4.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick5.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hearts-8.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Liveminus2.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\minusballsize.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Negative.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\plusballsize.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Positive2.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.wma
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\space.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font\Live.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font\Score.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Maps.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Menu.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Paddle1.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\megapaddle2.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\megapaddle3.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Paddleplus.xnb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Paddleminus.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.wma
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Egypt.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle22.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\positive.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep-02.wma
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep-02.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep-03.wma
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep-03.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep-04.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ball.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\beep.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick1.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick2.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick3.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick4.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\brick5.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hearts-8.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Liveminus2.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\minusballsize.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Negative.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\paddle.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\plusballsize.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Positive2.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.wma
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\song.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\space.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Paddle1.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\megapaddle3.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Paddleminus.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Paddleplus.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font\Live.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font\Score.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.exe
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.pdb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Maps.resources
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Menu.resources
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.Properties.Resources.resources
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\obj\x86\Debug\AlternativeArkanoid.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font\Currentscore.xnb
J:\AlternativeArkanoid4\AlternativeArkanoid\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font\Gameover.xnb
